hello to all spatogames users I am
Dr. White we are here today with a new one
video dedicated to educated free results
team review of a player of
team decided mas consisting of that
quite old because now it is in circulation
darwin of sneakers that last year
we had the premier and before that
we had that of the obesity team a
mouse consists we saw martinez
Now let's go back to Italy with the player
as alessio cerci del torino we note
immediately that has been moved to records
respect position from base card
which was an interesting statistics
let's see how it behaves in the game
starting as always the speed
speed that definitely has me
satisfied would also be too much for a
trequartista because it is more anyway
important dribbling passes the shot
for a player to play three points
however it never hurts to have more than 85
speed in this case will
even deploy it as a tip maybe
together another to make the one two in
depth as you look for it to be
good speed is good
acceleration
what leaves a little perplexed what it is
it is the physical strength that is definitely not
at the top then move it enough
easily
as for shooting here too
promoted but with reservations because why
surely 4 st de ski four stables
weak foot and is definitely a net
improvement over the version
also based on the
finalization that I have deployed
as an attacking midfielder and excellent I hope the
average of the various marin and armani et cetera
etc
but I was slightly disappointed by the
shooting power and long shot is who I am
quite difficult to score then
it is not very easy to be a very great gentleman
distance
I must say, however, that I get close with the shots
so we know how to do it anyway
rather than try pulling power
even the precision tea that is not
not bad at all
as for dribbling
dribbling is great because a
absurd ball control one
very good agility and four stars
sky so you can quiet
almost all opponents skip though
you are good at dribbling is one of the
better if not the best standard a
I have tried this year's quality
curious to try his Christmas
version informs that it could be
dinner him but this is already looking for is
definitely a great player for
regarding the dripping the passage
I thought I could use a little something better
both as a passer and one who goes to
finalize the action so it's a little bit
doubt whether to deploy him as a trequartista
but then we will see how to adapt it in that
position the header disappointed me
because it is not in degree signals though
however it is not very high and alone
meter and eighty then you could understand
that he had been dedaj in this case
put the shot and the pass or
finisher in this case the shot or purpose
head the favorite shot increase it
why because there from some point in
more in the action movie in protection
shooting and shooting from distance where
use cerci we were saying that
playmaker is good but some
problemino then medium-low of world
therefore false attacker in this case
if you put it with balotelli and ibarbo
often you look for will go further to get
so the ball will be almost like one
additional tip sometimes even yes
will go to exchange thoughts or with
candreva with el shaarawy and trust me
on the outside it can be devastating
because because it can re-enter and pull with
precision shot that really does not
bad if you love this case then
re-enter and then go to the throw 4 2 3 1
with giovinco and cerci sud est also are
very very fast and let's talk about hernanes
that maybe the defenders will be attracting the
of the two external leave free to
pull and armani there is a great shot
with five stars pd weak then
pull both right and left
if you want to deploy it tip please
pair them with another one
player then a tip of cerci o
however look for gomez
surely he can't do the single tip
because not enough physical and anyway
I didn't like it when used
also as
9 in conclusion it has excellent speed is
a good figure finalizer who
exceeds the average of the other midfielders
and in good control the ball is 4-star
skill and 4 stars weaker meeting than
it's physical strength is really not bass
suitable as single add and launch e
they can do more the cost either
silver in the 120 150 thousand credits a little
variable but be careful if it comes out in the team
has seen as standard to how I believe that
will come out the price could fall
fearfully so I recommend you
wait a few more days for
buy it then with today not concluded
if video there is no comment e
write the channel we will see you soon
probably with the review of by
Christmas in shape so we'll see each other
soon
Hi everyone